Added more detail for ConfereceMode parameter to Update New-CsCallQueue.md (#6152)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsCallQueue.md

```

### -ConferenceMode

> The ConferenceMode parameter indicates whether or not Conference mode will be applied on calls for this Call queue. Conference mode significantly reduces the amount of time it takes for a caller to be connected to an agent, after the agent accepts the call. The following bullets detail the difference between both modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ConferenceMode parameter indicates whether or not Conference mode will be applied on calls for this Call queue. Conference mode significantly reduces the amount of time it takes for a caller to be connected to an agent, after the agent accepts the call. The following bullet points detail the difference between both modes:
```
